# Frequently Asked Questions

As stewards of the official images and maintainers of many images ourselves, we often see a lot of questions that surface repeatedly. This repository is an attempt to gather some of those and provide some answers!

## Table of Contents

<!-- AUTOGENERATED TOC -->

<!-- AUTOGENERATED TOC -->

## General Questions

### What do you mean by "Official"?

This question is so common it's answered in our primary repository!

See [the answer in the readme of the `github.com/docker-library/official-images` repository](https://github.com/docker-library/official-images#what-do-you-mean-by-official).

### Why do so many official images build from source?

The tendancy for many official images to build from source is a direct result of trying to closely follow each upstream's official recommendations for how to deploy and consume their product/project.

For example, the PostgreSQL project publishes (and recommends the use of) their own official `.deb` packages, so [the `postgres` image](https://hub.docker.com/_/postgres/) builds directly from those (from http://apt.postgresql.org/).

On the flip side, the PHP project will only officially support users who are using the latest release (https://bugs.php.net/, "Make sure you are using the latest stable version or a build from Git"), which the distributions do not provide. Additionally, their "installation" documentation describes building from source as the officially supported method of consuming PHP.

So to summarize, there isn't an "official images" policy one way or the other regarding building from source; we leave it up to each image maintainer to make the appropriate judgement on what's going to be the best representation / most supported solution for the upstream project they're representing.
